# CS-320-Software-Testing-Automation-and-QA
+ **How can I ensure that my code, program or software is functional and secure?**
  + There are several ways to ensure that your application is functional and secure. Designing and implementing proper tests helps ensure that an application is functional. These tests can be static or dynamic. Static tests are tests in which application code is evaluated without execution. This can come in many forms. One effective type of static testing is to utilize a peer-review of application code. With a peer-review of code, a software engineer who did not write the code, reviews the code to ensure it is error free, logically sound and adheres to programming standards. Static tests can also be automated using a linter. These are not the only ways to statically test code, but are two very common methods. Another type of testing is dynamic testing. This is testing that evaluates code during execution. This can be done via automated methods, such as JUnit test cases or performing manual unit testing by executing code and interacting with it. Dynamic testing also includes integration testing, system testing and user acceptance testing. The goal of dynamic testing is to find defects by analyzing the behavior and output of an application at runtime. Ensuring applications are secure can again be done via static and dynamic testing. Methods of static testing include using a dependency check plugin for a Maven, Gradle or Ant project. Peer-review can also be used. Dynamic testing can also be incredibly important when assessing securithy of software. Oftentimes many edge cases cannot be determined ahead of application execution or specific stack overflow scenarios can generate vulnerabilities. Penetration testing excercises can produce a great deal of information about an application's security.
+ **How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?**
  + Before interpreting user needs, these user needs to to be collected as part of a requirements gathering exercise in a project. This can be done with many methods such as taking a poll, designing a questionaire or performing interviews with users. These needs are collected and assessed to create a business requirements document. The business requirements document specifies required elements and behaviors of a software product. These needs are also categorized as functional and non-functional requirements. Non-functional requirements are requirements that are not a required behavior of a software product. This can include software security, data storage, reporting, architecture and many others. Functional requirements are the requirements that define software behavior. Once these requirements are defined, depending on the development strategy used, testing design may begin or application design may begin. In the case of test-driven software design, test scripts are designed and then the software design is driven by the expected results of the test scripts.
+ **How do I approach designing software?**
  + When I am designing software, I typically start at the requirements gathering stage, if I am the one doing requirements gathering and software design. Ideally, this would done in collaboration with the business unit and project management team. Once requirements are gathered, I like to break each requirement down in to a task. These task can be organized as a task list or even in a Kanban Board. Breaking software into individual, smaller taks helps to create a targeted focus during design and implementation. Each task be able to stand on its own or be incorporated into a larger task. If each task completed can stand on its own, it can also be tested on its own. Once the unit test is done for the task, aditional tasks are completed and tested. Then when time comes, the output of these tasks can be combined as needed to meet the requirements set forth by the business unit. When these tasks are combined, they again are tested until. The process repeats iteratively until a complete product that meets all business requirements is met.
